I think Xiaoyu is also very happy.
He's missing now.
We'll send someone to find it.
No need for you to take care of me sir, I'll find it
Mom, why did you go to Jinlingchuan just now?
I finally guess
Let Kirin River stay
What good is it to you if they touch my mom and say the wrong thing?
I feel like Jin Lingchuan has started to stop loving my life sister now
He seems to have surpassed me in terms of feelings in his dorm room
Don't think about it
As long as you are the white moon cat in his heart
One day he apologized to you
Even if he finds that he has feelings for Xiaoyu
I can't abandon you for no reason
Xiaoxuan, the most important thing for you now is to capture his heart
Be obedient, sensible and obedient
Let him find no fault
So even if he has aphasia in his heart
I won't marry you
Mom, I get it.
You understand
There are still guests outside, so go and greet them first?